# C Sharp Hackathon Assessment

## Duration 2.5 Hours

## Problem Statement

You are working as a software developer in Techno Solutions. You have been assigned the task to create a `Take Note App` in C# Console Application to take notes. The requirements of the application are listed below

- Application should be able to capture the details of the notes.
- Each note should include the `id`, `title`, `description` & `date`. The `id` should be autogenerated and should not be specified manually while adding new record.
- Application should be able to `Create`, `View`, `Update` & `Delete` notes.
- **Most Important - Upon starting the application all notes data must be loaded in list.**
- Application should also be able to show total number of notes created.
- Upon starting the application it should display the menu and take the input from the user and perform the task as per the entered value. The menu should have below mentioned options-
1. Create Note
2. View Note
3. View All Notes
4. Update Note
5. Delete Note

- On selecting the option 1 i.e `Create Note`, it should ask for `id`, `title`, `description` & `date`. Each note should be created as separate txt file. `id` & `date` should not be entered manually.
- On selecting the option 2 i.e `View Note`, it should ask for `id` and display the note accordingly. Data must be fetched from list. In case the id does not exists, the appropriate message should be displayed.
- On selecting the option 3 i.e `View All Notes`, all notes should be displayed on console in tabular format along with total number of notes. Data must be fetched from list. The output must be something like below

| id  | title    | description   | date |
|-----|----------|---------------|------- |
| 1   | Meeting  | Meeting with Client @ 9 AM | 10-Feb-2022 |
| 2   | Pay Bills| Pay Electricity Bills | 12-Feb-2022 |
|Total Notes | 2

- On selecting the option 4 i.e `Update Note`, it should ask the `id` for a note which needs to be modified and then take `title` & `description` to modify the note accordingly. The changes should appear in txt file.
- On selecting the option 5 i.e `Delete Note`, it should ask the `id` for a note which needs to be deleted and then delete associated note file.
- Handle the exceptions properly to avoid any abnormal crashes in the application.
- In case if the entered option is not valid it should give a message `Wrong Choice Entered`.
- The menu should be displayed again when each transaction is complete which means it should run in an infinite loop.
- ***IMPORTANT - There should be a modularity in your code. Keep everything clean and separate. Follow Object Oriented paradigms.***
